TODO.md, before:

# TODO

### NVIM
- [X] Install Tresitter
    - [X] Configure Treesitter in init.vim
    - [ ] Finish conguration in lua folder
    - [ ] Research about extensions of Tresitter

- [X] Install lsp-config, lsp-saga, lsp-install, lsp-kind
    - [X] Configure lsp settings in init.vim
    - [ ] Install language servers for python, zsh, rust, etc..
    - [ ] Finish configuration in lua folder

- [X] Install nvim-compe
    - [X] Configure compe settings in init.vim
    - [ ] Finish configuration in lua folder

- [X] Install telescope
    - [ ] Configure telescope settings in init.vim
    - [ ] Finish configuration in lua folder

- [ ] Statusline and tab bar
    - [X] Install barbar
    - [ ] Finish configuration in lua folder
    - [ ] Install new statusline written in lua
    - [ ] FInish configuration in lua folder

- [ ] General settings
    - [ ] Vim settings in individual lua file
    - [ ] Key-mappings in individual lua file
    - [ ] Auto-commands in individual lua file

- [ ] Plugins
    - [X] Install packer
    - [ ] Check how to automatically install packer in new machines
    - [ ] Research about neutron
    - [ ] Get rid of unused plugins
        - [ ] Secure modelines
        - [ ] editor config
        - [ ] highlighted yank
        - [ ] Goyo and limelight

- [ ] Lua
    - [ ] Source all lua files from init.vim
    - [ ] Move from init.vim to init.lua
    - [ ] Modularize lua files

Commit message:

settings and colorscheme in lua, about to move to init.lua

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

### NVIM
- [X] Install Tresitter
    - [X] Configure Treesitter in init.vim
    - [ ] Finish conguration in lua folder
    - [ ] Research about extensions of Tresitter

- [X] Install lsp-config, lsp-saga, lsp-install, lsp-kind
    - [X] Configure lsp settings in init.vim
    - [ ] Install language servers for python, zsh, rust, etc..
    - [ ] Finish configuration in lua folder

- [X] Install nvim-compe
    - [X] Configure compe settings in init.vim
    - [ ] Finish configuration in lua folder

- [X] Install telescope
    - [ ] Configure telescope settings in init.vim
    - [ ] Finish configuration in lua folder

- [ ] Statusline and tab bar
    - [X] Install barbar
    - [ ] Finish configuration in lua folder
    - [ ] Install new statusline written in lua
    - [ ] FInish configuration in lua folder

- [ ] General settings
    - [X] Vim settings in individual lua file
    - [ ] Research about folding in nvim
    - [ ] Key-mappings in individual lua file
    - [ ] Auto-commands in individual lua file
    - [X] Colorscheme

- [ ] Plugins
    - [X] Install packer
    - [ ] Check how to automatically install packer in new machines
    - [ ] Research about neutron
    - [ ] Get rid of unused plugins
        - [ ] Secure modelines
        - [ ] editor config
        - [ ] highlighted yank
        - [ ] Goyo and limelight

- [ ] Lua
    - [ ] Source all lua files from init.vim
    - [ ] Move from init.vim to init.lua
    - [ ] Modularize lua files
